Canada, Australia, or anywhere in Europe, US is kind of difficult to know which band in Nigeria, it's going to be very difficult.
It is possible, US would be the priority because of the possibility of doing a tech job there that can impact.
Looking to make solutions that affect people worldwide, so anywhere there's a tech, I take possibility in that country.
That's the best route.
The Canadian visa was cancelled because I didn't send in my biometrics. I was supposed to send my biometrics to them, but I thought I still added support.
The one I added at that time was expired.
Other boys showed us no users and no revenue whatsoever.
We were testing it for three months and we did not register a single person.
So yeah, it's more of awareness. We just want people to be aware of health insurance in Nigeria.
Less than 10% of the population use health insurance because my majority of them don't know about it.
So even if the idea is for it to be highly available, that's the reason for the purest agents.
For the truck specs, I'll send this after this voice chat. Maybe I'll send it to normal chat. I'll send it to you.
On your risks team, I have four avi lawyer who is open with registration.
There is an expert who is an internal audit expert. He's been in this sector for a long time, so we don't want inspecting the solution we're making and giving us advice and all those kind of things.
We have a backend developer. We have a front-end developer.
The front-end developer works in this bigger company, Canada, that's the exact same thing.
So he has a lot of knowledge of on it. So he's one that did the initial design.
He's actually backend developer, because he knows a lot about the solution.
It's one that did the old implementation. The backend developer is moving DevOps, but he's going to be doing a lot of things.
He's using AI for most of it.
So yeah, I'm just developing and going along with it. I'm helping with everybody.
I'm doing the experts on board. I'm doing the team on board. I'm doing what we're doing to the lawyer.
So my role is to bring the lawyers together. Basically, the project lead, maybe the director, the main person in charge.
So I don't do any of the development at the board. I run the code sometimes.
I would still do some coding myself eventually, because I'm not sure how dedicated the rest of the team is.
But I would most likely be involved with that too.
